README.md, before:

Natural Language Toolkit (NLTK)   nltk.org
====================================

NLTK -- the Natural Language Toolkit -- is a suite of open source
Python modules, data sets and tutorials supporting research and
development in Natural Language Processing.

Copyright (C) 2001-2013 NLTK Project

For license information, see LICENSE.txt

For documentation, please visit http://nltk.org/

Redistributing
----------------------
NLTK source code is distributed under the Apache 2.0 License.  
NLTK documentation is distributed under the Creative Commons Attribution-Noncommercial-No Derivative Works 3.0 United States license.  
NLTK corpora are provided under the terms given in the README file for each corpus; all are redistributable, and available for non-commercial use.  
NLTK may be freely redistributed, subject to the provisions of these licenses.

Testing
-------

https://jenkins.shiningpanda.com/nltk/

Contributing
------------------
If you would like to contribute to NLTK, please post your ideas to [nltk-dev](http://groups.google.com/group/nltk-dev), or [fork nltk on github](https://github.com/nltk/nltk).

The following people have contributed to NLTK:

Rami Al-Rfou',
Mark Amery,
Greg Aumann,
Yonatan Becker,
Paul Bedaride,
Steven Bethard,
Robert Berwick,
Dan Blanchard,
Nathan Bodenstab,
Francis Bond,
Paul Bone,
Jordan Boyd-Graber,
Daniel Blanchard,
Phil Blunsom,
Lars Buitinck,
Steve Cassidy,
Chen-Fu Chiang,
Dmitry Chichkov,
Jinyoung Choi,
Andrew Clausen,
Lucas Champollion,
Trevor Cohn,
David Coles,
Lucas Cooper,
Robin Cooper,
Chris Crowner,
James Curran,
Dariel Dato-on,
Selina Dennis,
Leon Derczynski,
Alexis Dimitriadis,
Nikhil Dinesh,
Liang Dong,
David Doukhan,
Rebecca Dridan,
Pablo Duboue,
Christian Federmann,
Michelle Fullwood,
Dan Garrette,
Jean Mark Gawron,
Sumukh Ghodke,
Yoav Goldberg,
Dougal Graham,
Brent Gray,
Simon Greenhill,
Eduardo Pereira Habkost,
Masato Hagiwara,
Michael Hansen,
Yurie Hara,
Will Hardy,
Tyler Hartley,
Peter Hawkins,
Michael Heilman,
Bruce Hill,
Amy Holland,
Kristy Hollingshead,
Baden Hughes,
Rebecca Ingram,
Edward Ivanovic,
Thomas Jakobsen,
Piotr Kasprzyk,
Angelos Katharopoulos,
Sudharshan Kaushik,
Chris Koenig,
Mikhail Korobov,
Stefano Lattarini,
Pierre-François Laquerre,
Stefano Lattarini,
Haejoong Lee,
Max Leonov,
Tom Lippincott,
Peter Ljunglöf,
Nitin Madnani,
Bjørn Mæland,
Christopher Maloof,
Rob Malouf,
Iker Manterola,
Carl de Marcken,
Mitch Marcus,
Torsten Marek,
Robert Marshall,
Duncan McGreggor,
Xinfan Meng,
Margaret Mitchell,
Tomonori Nagano,
Jason Narad,
Morten Neergaard,
David Nemeskey,
Eric Nichols,
Joel Nothman,
Ted Pedersen,
Jacob Perkins,
Alberto Planas,
Alessandro Presta,
Martin Thorsen Ranang,
Brandon Rhodes,
Joshua Ritterman,
Will Roberts,
Stuart Robinson,
Carlos Rodriguez,
Alex Rudnick,
Jussi Salmela,
Geoffrey Sampson,
Kepa Sarasola,
Kevin Scannell,
Nathan Schneider,
Rico Sennrich,
Thomas Skardal,
Eric Smith,
Rob Speer,
Peter Spiller,
Richard Sproat,
Ceri Stagg,
Peter Stahl,
Oliver Steele,
Jan Strunk,
Claire Taylor,
Steven Tomcavage,
Tiago Tresoldi,
Petro Verkhogliad,
Peter Wang,
Charlotte Wilson,
Steven Xu,
Beracah Yankama,
Patrick Ye,
Jason Yoder.

Commit message:

Modified README.md for this fork.

README.md, after:

NOTA
----

This fork of the NLTK source code was used as a base for a graduate class
project whose aim was to predict the main subject and verb of a sentence using
probabilistic modelling methods.  This is not the NLTK project; the NLTK code
here is not up to date; see the text of the original NLTK README file below.

Changes to the NLTK code base included here are primarily found in the files
nltk/tree.py and nltk/chunk/util.py.  There have been some small additions
elsewhere to get the module to initiate correctly.  In nltk/tree.py, see the class
SVTree, which extends the regular NLTK class Tree to include a data member
gram\_role.  In nltk/chunk/util.py, see the class SV\_Stats, which includes data
and methods for calculating relative probabilities of subjects and verbs in
sentences.


Natural Language Toolkit (NLTK)   nltk.org
====================================

NLTK -- the Natural Language Toolkit -- is a suite of open source
Python modules, data sets and tutorials supporting research and
development in Natural Language Processing.

Copyright (C) 2001-2013 NLTK Project

For license information, see LICENSE.txt

For documentation, please visit http://nltk.org/

Redistributing
----------------------
NLTK source code is distributed under the Apache 2.0 License.  
NLTK documentation is distributed under the Creative Commons Attribution-Noncommercial-No Derivative Works 3.0 United States license.  
NLTK corpora are provided under the terms given in the README file for each corpus; all are redistributable, and available for non-commercial use.  
NLTK may be freely redistributed, subject to the provisions of these licenses.

Testing
-------

https://jenkins.shiningpanda.com/nltk/

Contributing
------------------
If you would like to contribute to NLTK, please post your ideas to [nltk-dev](http://groups.google.com/group/nltk-dev), or [fork nltk on github](https://github.com/nltk/nltk).

The following people have contributed to NLTK:

Rami Al-Rfou',
Mark Amery,
Greg Aumann,
Yonatan Becker,
Paul Bedaride,
Steven Bethard,
Robert Berwick,
Dan Blanchard,
Nathan Bodenstab,
Francis Bond,
Paul Bone,
Jordan Boyd-Graber,
Daniel Blanchard,
Phil Blunsom,
Lars Buitinck,
Steve Cassidy,
Chen-Fu Chiang,
Dmitry Chichkov,
Jinyoung Choi,
Andrew Clausen,
Lucas Champollion,
Trevor Cohn,
David Coles,
Lucas Cooper,
Robin Cooper,
Chris Crowner,
James Curran,
Dariel Dato-on,
Selina Dennis,
Leon Derczynski,
Alexis Dimitriadis,
Nikhil Dinesh,
Liang Dong,
David Doukhan,
Rebecca Dridan,
Pablo Duboue,
Christian Federmann,
Michelle Fullwood,
Dan Garrette,
Jean Mark Gawron,
Sumukh Ghodke,
Yoav Goldberg,
Dougal Graham,
Brent Gray,
Simon Greenhill,
Eduardo Pereira Habkost,
Masato Hagiwara,
Michael Hansen,
Yurie Hara,
Will Hardy,
Tyler Hartley,
Peter Hawkins,
Michael Heilman,
Bruce Hill,
Amy Holland,
Kristy Hollingshead,
Baden Hughes,
Rebecca Ingram,
Edward Ivanovic,
Thomas Jakobsen,
Piotr Kasprzyk,
Angelos Katharopoulos,
Sudharshan Kaushik,
Chris Koenig,
Mikhail Korobov,
Stefano Lattarini,
Pierre-François Laquerre,
Stefano Lattarini,
Haejoong Lee,
Max Leonov,
Tom Lippincott,
Peter Ljunglöf,
Nitin Madnani,
Bjørn Mæland,
Christopher Maloof,
Rob Malouf,
Iker Manterola,
Carl de Marcken,
Mitch Marcus,
Torsten Marek,
Robert Marshall,
Duncan McGreggor,
Xinfan Meng,
Margaret Mitchell,
Tomonori Nagano,
Jason Narad,
Morten Neergaard,
David Nemeskey,
Eric Nichols,
Joel Nothman,
Ted Pedersen,
Jacob Perkins,
Alberto Planas,
Alessandro Presta,
Martin Thorsen Ranang,
Brandon Rhodes,
Joshua Ritterman,
Will Roberts,
Stuart Robinson,
Carlos Rodriguez,
Alex Rudnick,
Jussi Salmela,
Geoffrey Sampson,
Kepa Sarasola,
Kevin Scannell,
Nathan Schneider,
Rico Sennrich,
Thomas Skardal,
Eric Smith,
Rob Speer,
Peter Spiller,
Richard Sproat,
Ceri Stagg,
Peter Stahl,
Oliver Steele,
Jan Strunk,
Claire Taylor,
Steven Tomcavage,
Tiago Tresoldi,
Petro Verkhogliad,
Peter Wang,
Charlotte Wilson,
Steven Xu,
Beracah Yankama,
Patrick Ye,
Jason Yoder.
